docs: add release notes for 0.28.0 (#8807)
determined-ai/determined: docs/release-notes.rst

 Release Notes
###############

**************
 Version 0.28
**************

Version 0.28.0
==============

> **Release Date:** February 05, 2024

Reviewer: update this?

Author: Nice catch!

**Breaking Changes**

-  Authentication: In the enterprise edition, in the master configuration, the
   ``oidc.groups_claim_name`` setting that is used to set the string value of the authenticator's
   claim name for groups has been changed to ``oidc.groups_attribute_name``. Similarly, the
   ``oidc.display_name_claim_name`` setting that is used to set the user's display name in
   Determined has been changed to ``oidc.display_name_attribute_name``.

**New Features**

> -  Experiments: Add ``resources.is_single_node`` option which disallows scheduling the trial across
>    multiple nodes or pods, and forces it to be scheduled within a single container. If the requested
>    ``slots_per_trial`` count is impossible to fulfill in the cluster, the experiment submission will
>    be rejected.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
-  Experiments: Add ``resources.is_single_node`` option, which forces trials to be scheduled within
   single containers rather than across multiple nodes or pods. If the requested ``slots_per_trial``
   count is impossible to fulfill in the cluster, the experiment submission will be rejected.
```

Author: This is totally better language. Thanks.

**Improvements**

-  Notebooks, Shells, and Commands: On static agent-based clusters (not using dynamic cloud
   provisioning), when a ``slots`` request for a notebook, shell, or command cannot be fulfilled,
   it'll be rejected.

> -  API: The checkpoint download endpoint will now allow the use of `application/x-tar`` as an

Reviewer: missing a backtick

Author: Thanks!

   accepted content type in the request. It will provide a response in the form of an uncompressed

>    tar file, complete with content-length information included in the headers.

Author: Per OOB communication, leaving as-is.

**Deprecated Features**

-  API: The experiment API object in a future version will have its ``config`` field removed to
   improve performance of the system. A new ``config`` field is added now to the response of

>    ``/api/v1/experiments/{experiment_id}`` that can be used as a replacement.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   improve performance of the system. The response of ``/api/v1/experiments/{experiment_id}`` now
   contains a new ``config`` field that can be used as a replacement.
```

Author: I like it. Done.

>    If you are not calling the APIs manually there will be no impact to you.

Reviewer: this line should probably go with the previous paragraph

Author: There was some prior art for 2-paragraph blurbs, but I agree. I like it better that way, too. Fixed.

>    If you are not calling the APIs manually there will be no impact to you.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   If you are not calling the APIs manually, there will be no impact to you.
```

Author: done
